Hello,
I have got notification that I am considered to be expelled from Denmark due to my crime in Norway.

I would like to describe incident, why it happened, my behavior and why it will never happen again and why I do not represent any dangerous to society. Also I would  like to describe myself and my family, our relationship with local society and provide some references from :
Colleagues at my work
Russisk Hus - non commercial organization where I and my wife are volunteers
My daughter kindergarten

to prove that we are bringing positive value to society and it is worth us let to stay.

About me
I have been living in Denmark since 2015-Feb and work here as an Expert IT programmer at Nordea Bank. Currently I am leading one of the key projects in our department. I am passionate programmer,good team player, respected by my colleagues and love making changes that impact bank. In support of that I have attached 6 recommendations from my colleagues:





Ieva Bak
Lars Szuwalski
Thomas Hilbert
Philip Christiansen
Anton Polyakov
Alexey Vishentsev

Please note, that those opinions are personal and do not reflect official view of Nordea.

Except work, on weekends, I, with my wife, participate in events as volunteers at Russisk Hus, non profitable organization, here, in Copenhagen. In support of that I have attached reference from Svetlana Manizer, coordinator of the project.

Wife
My wife Anna have been attending Danish courses and have passed 3 modules recently. On weekends she act as volunteer at Russisk Hus and helps children as language therapist. She spent a lot of time there and have very good reputation among the children parents. We have attached reference from Svetlana Manizer in support of this. After getting passed 5th module of Danish she is planning to have a job.

About my daughter
My daughter Diana is 4 years old. She have been attending kindergarten for 2 years. She is very happy there because children treated with respect and this part of Danish culture I support very much. She already understand and speaks Danish. She is very sensitive girl and I have bad feeling if we will be forced get back to Russia, this would be really difficult for her. We have attached reference from kindergarten with Diana characteristic.



Short explanation of the incident:

My sister lives in Norway. Radomir Shaigal ( victim) was civil husband of my sister and they have 2 children in common . For a long period of time prior to incident he abused my sister, both mentally and physically and around 1 year before incident he assaulted my sister and mother so he got restriction from police to approach my sister. Despite that he kept making troubles to my sister, just few examples:  he got into her house and broke washing machine, cut children passports into pieces, broke bike breaks, broke her notebook, insult her by words.

I wanted to calm his down and we argued with him in skype about his behaviour for about 1 month prior to accident, the conversation reflected in verdict. At some time I decided to not continue conversation and blocked him in skype( this is reflected in verdict) When I visited Norway for skiing I got a call from him via skype to meet me and fight, I refused, because he was very drunk at the moment and remained drunk next day, the day of incident ( this is reflected in police report). We met next day when he came to pick children and he grabbed me and slapped my face. After that provocation we started to fight and Radomir got more severe injuries than me.

In support of version of provocation I have SMS from him dated 3-March-2017 where he confesses that he planned to involve me into the conflict and get me into the jail. I would never plan that kind of thing by myself because violence doesn't solve any problem, but making it worse. I always realized that this could severely affect my family life which eventually happened.


Appeal

I am asking you not revoke my work permit and let my family to stay in Denmark because it would be very traumatic for them in the first place. I want my daughter to grow up in Danish society. I am sure that I am not representing any threat to society , the incident happened with me first and the very last time. I am truly regretful about the fight. I had a long conversation with Radomir so we are good now, at some point he tried to withdraw his claim to police, but that was too late.

I was punished not only by sentence, but as well a lot of sleepless nights being wary of my family because I do not want them to suffer from my mistake.

If you will allow us to stay here we will bring a lot of positive value in future and will be good, loyal residents of Denmark.

Thank you.
Regards,
Ivan Antipin

